Adding notes to increase clarity of instructions for local dev setup (#1)
medgift/quantimage2-setup: README.md

**Firefox** as a browser and disable the **"Enhanced Tracking Protection"** 
feature for both `localhost` and `keycloak` hosts.

Ensure that the two following urls / ports have disabled enhanced tracking protection:
- `localhost:3000`
- `keycloak:8081`

MAC OSX Development
************************************************************************

On MAC OS there are a few items to be cognizant of:

> - Matllab and the qldl python package do not seem to work on the M1 mac - so until this hase been fixed or these dependencies removed local dev on mac M1 is not possible.

Author: ```suggestion
- Matlab and the [qdldl](https://github.com/osqp/qdldl-python) python package do not seem to work on the M1 mac - so until this hase been fixed or these dependencies removed local dev on mac M1 is not possible.
```

- `localhost:3000`
- `keycloak:8081`

MAC OSX Development
************************************************************************

On MAC OS there are a few items to be cognizant of:

> - Matllab and the qldl python package do not seem to work on the M1 mac - so until this hase been fixed or these dependencies removed local dev on mac M1 is not possible.

Reviewer: There is a small typo in "Matllab", it should be "Matlab". I also couldn't find a "qldl" package on PyPI, was it perhaps "pyqldb"?

Author: ah yes it's a confusing package name - it's qdldl https://github.com/osqp/qdldl-python - correcting
